Add contrib docs checklist for adding new acl token (#994)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: CONTRIBUTING.md

---

## Adding a new ACL Token

> Checklist for getting server-acl-init to generate a new ACL token assuming the new token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a checklist for getting server-acl-init to generate a new ACL token assuming the new token
```

> Checklist for getting server-acl-init to generate a new ACL token assuming the new token
> is named `foo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a checklist for getting `server-acl-init` to generate a new ACL token named `foo`.
```

### Control Plane

* `control-plane/subcommand/server-acl-init/command.go`

>     * Add `flagCreateFooToken bool` to vars list
>     * Initialize flag in `init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [ ] Add `flagCreateFooToken bool` to vars list
    * [ ] Initialize flag in `init`
```

Reviewer: I would do this throughout for the sub-items because it will make a nice checklist the user can click to tick off items.

Author: I thought about this but how can they check off the items in the contributing.md though?

Reviewer: I think it just sets a toggle in `localStorage`. Does it work on your branch if you add it?

Author: nope 😢 : https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/blob/ce5916890b8a280e86c9914fae54b9b743c20bc0/CONTRIBUTING.md

      ```go
      c.flags.BoolVar(&c.flagCreateFooToken, "create-foo-token", false,
        "<docs for flag>")
      ```

>     * Add `if` statement in `Run` to create your token (follow placement of other tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [ ] Add `if` statement in `Run` to create your token (follow placement of other tokens).
```

>       You'll need to decide if you need a local token (`createLocalACL`) or global token `createGlobalACL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You'll need to decide if you need a local token, `createLocalACL`, or global token, `createGlobalACL`.
```

Consistency in formatting.

      
      ```go
      if c.flagCreateFooToken {
          err := c.createLocalACL("foo", fooRules, consulDC, isPrimary, consulClient)
          if err != nil {
              c.log.Error(err.Error())
              return 1
          }
      }
      ```

> * `control-plane/subcommand/server-acl-init/rules.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] `control-plane/subcommand/server-acl-init/rules.go`
```

    * Add a function that outputs your rules using a template

>       (if the rules are always the same us a `const`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      (if the rules do not change, use a `const`):
```

"same" should be used when it's explicit what it is the same as. This is implicitly the same as it was in the past so it's easier to just say it doesn't change.

      ```go
      func (c *Command) fooRules() (string, error) {
      ```

> * `control-plane/subcommand/server-acl-init/rules_test.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] `control-plane/subcommand/server-acl-init/rules_test.go`
```
